
Hi, if you finish school and you don’t know where you are studying, we can recommend you to study in Poland. Come to us and we will always help you https://slavic-center.com.ua/ . The main advantages of studying in Poland are cultural affinity with Ukraine, the low cost of education and living, the readiness of Polish universities to accept foreign applicants, as well as admission without entrance examinations.
Education in Poland is one of the most affordable ways to get a European standard diploma, and Polish is also simply learned by students from Ukraine, which facilitates quick adaptation. We decided to share with you our tips on organizing education in Poland.
One of the main and most functional trends of the last few years is the acquisition of education abroad by Ukrainian schoolchildren and students.
In the slavic-center, we sadly look at how soon the outflow of young and professional children from our country increases, and naturally we are very keen on motivating our students to form Ukraine. But we can see how the difference in the approaches and results of education grows, and in the future, in the ability to provide ourselves economically in the future. It inspires young children and their parents to think earlier about their own future and, in particular, about getting a profession in more popular countries - Poland, the Czech Republic, Germany, England, the USA and Canada. And the slavic-center team will form study-study tours for young people, in which they will be able to get acquainted with the features of study, work, and development in various countries.
On this day, higher education in Poland is allowed to get both on the budget (state) and on a paid (commercial) basis.
Higher education in the country has a difficult structure. Depending on the chosen form of training, graduates are assigned the following levels:
Bachelor (licencjat, ba). Term - 3, 5 years. A graduate acquires basic knowledge of a specialist in his own profession. After completing the level provided, it is allowed to extend further training according to the qualifications provided, and it is allowed to apply for a job.
Bachelor (inzyneir, bsc). Term - 3, 5–4 years. This stage has the same properties as licencjat, ba, but is awarded to graduates of technical or agricultural universities.
Master (magister, ma, msc). Duration of study - 1, 5-2 years. To study at this stage are those who have already received a bachelor's degree. In the process of learning, students receive in-depth knowledge of their own qualifications. After receiving a master's degree there is a chance to extend the education in graduate school.
